# CS-255-Projects

# Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The client for the project was DriverPass, a company who wanted to improve driver education. To do so, the company wanted to implement an application that allows new drivers to purchase learning packages, schedule in-person driving lessons, and could learn the rules of the road through online learning with information provided by the DMV and could take practice tests to ensure their understanding. 
# What did you do particularly well?
I believe that my understanding of system designs is much deeper now. I believe I can analyze them well as well as provide a visual representation of the concepts of a system I am working on. I think I did well creating UML diagrams for this project, keeping them simple and clean, allowing for others who come across my work to understand the flow of the system.
# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I think that class diagram could use a bit more work. I could have included more necessary methods and I think I could provide a deeper understanding of how the different objects could be used to meet the needs of the system and its users. By adding additional methods, I would be able to provide that understanding more clearly. 
# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
Taking user needs into consideration is easily one of the most important aspects to system design and those needs guided my approach to the DriverPass design. The diagrams I created were made to reflect the interactions that were expected of the user with the application. I tried to anticipate the different occurrences a user will face while navigating the application, such as a credit card declining when purchasing a package. Without carefully thinking about the user's needs, the system design will not provide any solutions to the problems it has been created to fix. 
# How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
I like the idea of an iterative design. I believe its simple, but is very effective as it allows for flexibility and constant improvement. I want to be able to a simple, basic idea, create a prototype for that idea, test that prototype, and move from there whether its fixing or refining. An iterative design allows for adaptation through cyclical phases that improves the prototype until the desired outcome is reached. 
I also enjoyed thinking of functional and non-functional requirements, then created different diagrams to visualize the system and its components. By thinking about the requirements and creating use case, UML and Gantt diagrams, I can more clearly understand the system and what how it is expected to run while also improving communication with colleagues. 
